                                         Best Neighborhood to live!!!

Imagine you are going to spend a holiday in a new city and your kids would love to see all the amusement parks from that city or if you are a researcher and going to present a technical paper in a conference, you would likely spend your free time enjoying places like science exhibitions or research centers. The common thing in both scenarios is that you would like to live near a place where your proposed interested venues are nearby. Let’s say you are a student and you are living in different cities, but you have no idea where to stay. You would like to stay close an area where there are ample opportunities for mess/food cutlery. 

We all want to live in a place (permanently or short term) where all our desired interests or purposes gets fulfilled. We don’t want to go on a holiday to just spend hours of time travelling or no student wants to stay at place where he can not have access to his academic necessities and ample food courts. What if we could devise a way to find what area of the city will be best suited to live or stay while being in that city. Nobody wants to spend extra time travelling back and forth as it costs extra money, extra time and energy. We wanted to find if there is a way we could find out which area of the city will be best for you if you have certain interests to explore.  If we figure out in what area of a city should a researcher stay so one could access most of the research places without hassle or if a certain actor is trying to find a job in a city, one would certainly want to live at a place which has ample employment or centers of acting or entertainment. There is no end to the types of people and their interests, but everyone would highly prefer if they could stay at a place in city from where accessing their interested places is easy.

We propose to solve this problem by using the location data from foursquare API and using it to determine which neighborhood in a particular city should be best suited to live based on your interests. By solving this problem, every person will be able to access most of their desired places from where they stay which saves money, time and energy. In essence we determine which neighborhoods from city has access to most number of desired places and help in determining that place more accurately.    
 

